Aflores plymouth (#234)
osisoft/Edge-Data-Store-Docs: content/troubleshooting/disaster-recovery.md

### Create a backup of EDS data from the failed device

To create a backup of data from the failed device:

1. If your device is still able to boot, open a terminal window and verify that Edge Data Store service has stopped using the following command:

  ```
  sudo systemctl stop osisoft.edgedatastore
  ```

1. Locate the storage and configuration files.

  **Note:** Linux storage and configuration files are stored in the following locations:

     - `/usr/share/OSIsoft/EdgeDataStore/Configuration`

     - `/usr/share/OSIsoft/EdgeDataStore/Storage`

  Stream data files are stored in the following locations:

     - Default namespace: `/usr/share/OSIsoft/EdgeDataStore/Storage/data/default/default`

     - Diagnostics namespace: `/usr/share/OSIsoft/EdgeDataStore/Storage/data/default/diagnostics`

1. Create a zip or tar file containing the storage and configuration directories, and move it to a USB device or other safe location. Use WinSCP, SFTP, or the external device to transfer the file.

  **Note:** Using the `cp` command may result in a change in file ownership to the current user.

### Move the files to the new device

> When EDS is installed on the new device, the new system has a default configuration. To copy the backed up storage and configuration folders to the new device:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you install EDS on the new device, the new system has a default configuration. To copy the backed up storage and configuration folders to the new device:
```

1. Open a terminal window and stop the Edge Data Store service using the following command:

  ```
  sudo systemctl stop osisoft.edgedatastore
  ```

1. Once the service has stopped, navigate to the `/usr/share/OSIsoft/EdgeDataStore` directory and extract the zip or tar file in that directory using WinSCP, SFTP, or external device.

### Restore backed up data files

To restore the data files on the new device:

1. Delete the default storage and configuration folders from the `/usr/share/OSIsoft/EdgeDataStore` directory.

1. Copy or unzip the backup storage and configuration files into the `EdgeDataStore` directory.

1. If the ownership of the two directories does not match, update it to `edgedatastore` for the user and group.

1. Start the Edge Data Store service with the following command:

  ```
  sudo systemctl start osisoft.edgedatastore
  ```

1. Verify that EDS is running with the following command:

  ```
  sudo systemctl status osisoft.edgedatastore
  ```

>   **Note:** Default directory permissions are set to `755`, and each subsequent file is `644`. If you do not use tar it is possible to have permission issues with the recovery files. Tar matches via string name rather than the account ID/UID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Note:** Default directory permissions are set to `755` and each subsequent file is `644`. If you do not use tar, it is possible to have permission issues with the recovery files. Tar matches via string name rather than the account ID/UID.
```
